Create 231010-journal-entries-contra.md (#528)
codatio/codat-docs: blog/231010-journal-entries-contra.md

---

> title: "Upcoming 2023-10-10: Journal Entries - Change to mapping of manual contra entries"

Reviewer: Is it 10 Oct or 09 Oct? Some other Oct deprecations are listed for 09.10

date: "2023-06-30"
tags: ["Deprecation"]
authors: mcclowes
---

> On October 10, 2023, Codat will change the mappings for contra manual journals on the billPayments and payments datatypes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On October 10, 2023, Codat will change the mappings for contra manual journals on the `billPayments` and `payments` data types.
```

<!--truncate-->

> Manual Journal Contra (offsetting AP against AR) entries will no longer be mapped to Codat's billPayments and payments data model. These manual journal entries will be found in the journalEntries datatype.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Manual Journal Contra (offsetting AP against AR) entries will no longer be mapped to Codat's `billPayments` and `payments` data model. These manual journal entries will instead be found in the `journalEntries` data type.
```
